simple-adblock: add compressed blocklist store option, proper filter … (#9394)
openwrt/packages: net/simple-adblock/files/README.md

## How does it work

This service downloads (and processes in the background, removing comments and other useless data) lists of hosts and domains to be blocked, combines those lists into one big block list, removes duplicates and sorts it and then removes your whitelisted domains from the block list before converting to to dnsmasq-compatible file and restarting dnsmasq. The result of the process is that dnsmasq returns "domain not found" for the blocked domains.

If you specify ```google.com``` as a domain to be whitelisted, you will have access to ```google.com```, ```www.google.com```, ```analytics.google.com```, but not fake domains like ```email-google.com``` or ```drive.google.com.verify.signin.normandeassociation.com``` for example. If you only want to allow ```www.google.com``` while blocking all other ```google.com``` subdomains, just specify ```www.google.com``` as domain to be whitelisted.

In general, whatever domain is specified to be whitelisted; it, along with with its subdomains will be whitelisted, but not any fake domains containing it.

## Documentation / Discussion

> Please head [LEDE Project Forum](https://forum.lede-project.org/t/simple-adblock-fast-lean-and-fully-uci-luci-configurable-adblocking/1327/) for discussion of this package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please head [OpenWrt forum](https://forum.openwrt.org/t/simple-adblock-fast-lean-and-fully-uci-luci-configurable-adblocking/1327) for discussion of this package.
```
